hey everybody Sam Walker and we're
getting ready to take a ride with
Elizabeth bring us from American
coasters enthusiasts brand-new for
Bolton at Busch Gardens in Williamsburg
that's right
all right this has got to be one of the
better experiences for a park of this
size
this is the perfect start
yep and this takeoff is off
and wholly different demon that's inside
audio they are the visual experiences
really intense and of course bapuji's
and not either of course there's this
mystery
that's the best part
Swamp is so amazing
the highway is a ride which of course
everybody talks about the Rhine River is
robbed and we have a big bad wolf and
get it back with this one
then isn't a great ride and the best
part about it is is that it's a ride
that all ages can enjoy definitely it is
appropriate for everybody to come out
and enjoy it all right
thanks a lot great job enjoyed it thanks
so ver becomes eye opens Friday for
everybody come on Swiss Guards wafer
can't wait we'll be here so how many
your eyes is that for you now what
amazing experience after all these years
of coming to Busch Gardens
it never gets never never gets old
coming here and now for Bolton is just
made for another great experience here
at Busch Gardens